Open CV tutorial: open souce computer vission

Computer Vision is an interdisciplinary field that deals with "how computers can be made to gain a high-level understanding from digital images or videos"

Computer vision is a multidisciplinary scientific field that operates on digital images or videos to automate tasks that the human visual system can do.
how to=he
Computer vision tasks include gathering, processing and analyzing the information from digital images. 

The idea here is to automate tasks that the human visual systems can do. So, a "computer should be able to recognize objects such as that of a face of a human being or a lamppost or even a statue"

How Does A Computer Read An Image?
The computer reads any image as a range of values between 0 and 255.
For any color image, there are 3 primary channels – Red, green and blue. How it works is pretty simple.
A matrix is formed for every primary color and later these matrices combine to provide a Pixel value for the individual R, G, B colors.

Each element of the matrices provide data pertaining to the intensity of brightness of the pixel
As shown, the size of the image here can be calculated as B x A x 3.

Note: For a black-white image, there is only one single channel.
coloured image-- 3d matrix
grey scale --- 2d matrix

NumPy Array: Numpy array is a powerful --"N-dimensional array object which is in the form of rows and columns" 
We can initialize numpy arrays from nested Python lists and access it elements. 
In order to perform these numpy operations, 

cobal---how to use

AI
Opencv
Opencv libraries
opencv steps

AI:
Artificial Intelligence or simply AI is an experimental science being developed with the purpose to understand the nature of intelligent thought and subsequent action. 
It is presented by machines or software (computer).

What is Artificial Intelligence?
AI is a technique that enables machines to mimic human behavior. Artificial Intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems able 
to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making and translation between languages.

Artificial Intelligence is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks, learns, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, 
and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. 
So, Let’s continue this Artificial Intelligence Tutorial and understand it’s importance.

Importance of Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made it possible for machines to ----" learn from experience and grow to perform human-like tasks "--learn and perform--self driving chat bot.
Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing. Using these technologies, computers can be trained to accomplish specific tasks by processing large amounts of data and recognizing patterns in the data.

There are a lot of Areas which contribute to Artificial Intelligence namely:

Mathematics
Sociology
Philosophy
Computer Science
Psychology
NeuroScience
Biology

Applications of Artificial Intelligence:
Speech Recognition
Machine Translation
Facial Recognition and Automatic Tagging
Virtual Personal Assistants
Self Driving Car
Chatbots

Domains of Artificial Intelligence
Neural Networks
Robotics
Expert Systems
Fuzzy Logic Systems
Natural Language Processing


